What did you say, sir?
He is your sworn brother
How is that possible?
Do you think the mayor will joke with you?
Commander, I was wrong
You have to forgive me this time
If I hadn't caught you today
You don't know how many more people you will pit
How is that possible?
How could you be Mayor Huang's sworn brother?
That's not possible.
I just said
It is uncertain who will die and who will live today
If you kneel down and kowtow to me now and apologize
It didn't work either
big brother
Uncle Wu, I don't know Mount Tai
I was wrong, please forgive me.
Uncle Wu, Grandpa Wu
You have a lot.
Let me go like a fart
Hey, hahaha.
Brother
What do you think should be done with these people?
These people seduce each other
Fraud the people
Gui Buzi
But today is my big day
Not easy to see blood
Brother Hong, you should think about it yourself
Then find someone
Hit me with 50 military sticks first
Wait for the teacher
My Li family is willing to offer 20 generations of food
Ask for atonement